docs: Documentation added for the travis integration with rollbar deployment tracking (#2)
commutatus/awesome: travis_integration_with_rollbar.md

> Here is the documentation to follow installing travis to your project!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the documentation to set up CI with Travis and Rollbar to your project!
```

Add this line to your Gemfile:
**gem 'travis'**
**gem 'rspec'**

Then run:
**bundle install**

You can either create the travis.yml file or run the below command and it will create it for you:
**travis init**

create a file called **config/database.yml.travis** and place the code

	test:
	  adapter: postgresql
	  database: database_name

This is how travis.yml file should look

	addons:
	  postgresql: '10'
	  apt:
	    packages:
	    - postgresql-server-dev-10
	language: ruby
	cache: bundler
	before_script:
	- psql -c 'create database travis_ci_test;' -U postgres
	- cp config/database.yml.travis config/database.yml
	script:
	- bundle exec rake db:test:prepare
	- bundle exec rspec spec
	services:
	- redis-server
	deploy:
	- provider: cloud66
	  redeployment_hook: "Enter you hook url"
	  on:
	    branch: staging
	- provider: cloud66

> 	  redeployment_hook: "Enter you hook url"

Reviewer: should be inside `secure`

	  on:
	    branch: master
	branches:
	  only:
	  - master
	  - staging

> **Rollbar deploy tracking feature via travis**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rollbar deploy tracking feature via Travis**
```
